1) Members of the Department of Corrections are met with certain duty requirements and failure to meet these requirements will result in termination. Do you agree to meet these requirements?
A) Yes
2) What is your DCR character's name?
A) Raul Lopez
3) How old are you?
A) 27
4) Do you have any law enforcement experience within B5M or elsewhere? Please elaborate.
A) I do not have any law enforcement experience but i do have medical experience in b5m, 10 years ago(ig story) i had about 7-8 months working at pillbox and my highest rank was 609 lieutenant/fto and a few on current FW. I have some knowledge on what goes on.
5) True or false: An inmate's treatment should change in regards to their charges, with worse charges receiving more strict treatment. Please elaborate.
A) If i had to pick one it would be False but I for one feel like this is at trick question, it can be both true and false. It all depends on the persons action rather than their charges. Example 2 people can have the same charges, one can be rude and the other can be chill about it. Yes sure i can be rude to them for having really bad charges but i rather see how their reactions are first.
6) Detail an appropriate way to deal with an unruly prisoner.
A) I would first listen and gather information about their frustration on why they were put in prison. When you agree with the truth in the angry person’s tirade, you take away the resistance and consequently eliminate the fuel for the fire. Listening to one helps out long run to de-escalate from being angry, perhaps they wanted to rant out or wanting to hurt me. If it gets to the point where they would want to hurt me then i would take action with the equipment i would receive from SADCR.
7) As a member of the Law Enforcement community within B5M, corruption is a server offense. Do you understand that corruption will result in a wipe of your character and dismissal from the department?
A) Yes
8) Is there any information you would like to add?
A) Thank you for taking your time out of your day to read my little app 😀  